IDOL
[IDOL: The Coup]
Ahn Hee-yeon
Gwak Shi-yang
Kim Min-gyu
Ahn Sol-bin / Han So-eun
Choo So-Jung / Kim Ji-won
Jo Joon-young / Hong Eun-gi
Park Seo-hoo / Lee Eun-sang
IDOL
[IDOL: The Coup]
DISCLAIMER: All places, characters, firms, and
events depicted in this show are fictitious.
Doesn't Troy
know that Elle left our team?
He knows.
Then he has no intention of doing it!
Even if she were here, she'd never go see him.
So Troy's target
was Elle.
It's not certain.
We have to hear what Troy has to say.
I asked.
He said he didn't do it.
All the songs he referenced are unknown.
We only know them because we hang out with him.
Are you serious?
He suffered so much as an idol trainee.
He's now just getting settled.
Stella!
Did we get here on a golden horse?
No.
Get a grip.
Are you preparing for a school talent show?
I'll change the song.
I heard all the other songs.
You copied all of them.
No, I didn't!
You did.
Then I'll write a new song.
In such a short time?
Are you a genius?
If you could do it, why copy?
Give me some time...
All the other songs are ready.
We left your track open.
Because of you. We trusted you.
But
you want us to wait more?
You know my situation.
If we get delayed even more, I'm going to die!
Elle...
I didn't know Elle would go that far.
She was the closest to him.
To be honest,
I was a bit worried
that Elle would take a step back.
What do we do now?
Seriously...
It's easier to go back to Bbiyong.
I'll go talk to Elle!
I'll tell her to take responsibility
because it's her fault Troy is being like this.
Let's pin it on her!
I'll go.
I'll persuade her.
No.
I'll go.
You disgust me.
You really disgust me!
I don't ever want to see you again.
My heart unbearably
You have to loosen up more here.
"It hurts," this part should be a half falsetto.
The beautiful days
Don't drag out the last note here.
Okay.
Why are you so scared on the high notes?
In high notes,
there's an inward sound
and an outward sound.
My heart
- It's different, right?
- Yes.
The key is how you breathe.
- And here...
- Ms. Kang!
Time's up.
I'm going to an internet café with a friend.
See you next week!
Did you forget something?
I went to the studio.
They said you were here.
I'm really sick and tired of you.
How could you go to Troy?
How can you
ask me to plead with him?
Did you come to me thinking I'd go?
Then you're crazy.
I now realize...
I should've been crazy sooner.
We're doing great.
We're going to do a show with Mars, too.
But Elle...
We can't do it without you.
Not one of use
can get used to you not being there.
Stop it.
Come back.
Let's do this together.
It's already over!
You're not happy like this!
I didn't leave to be happy!
I left to be less unhappy.
If my unhappiness had a face,
it would be all of you.
Let's stop doing this.
You said you didn't have the luxury to stop me.
Remember how you felt then.
Stop coming to see me.
Part 7
Elle
I'm Jenna.
I'm Elle.
I know.
You do?
Why?
What do you mean, "why"?
I don't know what they said about me...
I searched and listened to all your songs.
Even your cover songs.
I love the tone of your voice.
What's there to love?
It's like
a red cockscomb
blooming by the railroad.
What?
Or like a rusty nail dumped in the grass.
It's ominous and uneasy.
It makes me tense up.
But then it comforts me.
That dissonance...
I love it.
Whatever.
You're weird.
Hey!
I knew it.
Okay.
I'm the chief choreographer of Cotton Candy.
You can count on me.
Into my small world
You came like a big gift
In a sparkling moment
My white first love came to me
Have some porridge.
Is she okay?
Her forehead is on fire.
I'm okay, so leave.
What's wrong?
What happened?
We met KillA by chance.
They kept saying bad things about you.
Hyun-ji demanded an apology and got into a fight.
Why did you do that?
I won't let them trash-talk about you!
We succeeded after you left us.
I think your bad energy
was blocking our luck.
That's my guess.
Anyway, do your best.
I can take you higher
The ninth big cloud over there
Let's do this part again.
I can take you higher
Let's count it down.
Five, six, seven, eight!
I can take you higher
Thank you.
Sunshine Mental Health Clinic
What's this?
Do you still have a cold?
Huh?
Yeah.
Why don't you go see a new doctor?
The show is in a few days.
You don't want to do the collab, right?
You don't have to be so obvious.
You're making everyone uncomfortable.
Hey!
Just say thank you.
Is it so hard to say that?
Does a rich family need
to receive gratitude from a poor family?
Failing doesn't make you entitled.
Stop being so arrogant.
He's totally Cha Jae-hyuk Jr.
Seriously.
I don't...
want my team to worry.
I have no intention of interfering.
But you're supposed to take that after a meal.
In this biz,
managing mental health is no big deal.
Stop following me!
It's been days!
Do you have that much free time?
Let's talk.
Hey, idol!
You're coming home?
If you haven't eaten,
let's go to a convenience store.
I was going to get gimbap.
Forget it.
You look like you could fall over.
I'm just trying to help you.
Hey!
If you keep acting like this, I'll get angry!
You're making it look like I'm pestering you.
I'm just giving you advice
as a life coach.
You shouldn't live like that.
He's as old as your uncle.
What?
I'm talking about that expensive car!
The man who drove you home the other day.
I know you're in a difficult situation right now.
But you can't just give up on life like that.
Look at the big picture.
It's clear he's married.
Since you're a celebrity now,
he's just trying to...
Hey!
Let go!
What the?
Jenna!
Jenna.
Are you alright?
- I'm sorry.
- Get up.
Are you okay?
So why did you butt in?
Try to get up.
You bastard!
You trash.
If you don't get lost, I'm going to kill you.
Let go!
Let's go home, huh?
You can't stay here.
How many times must I tell you?
Jenna. Please.
I'm begging you.
Why are you begging me?
Why are you being so unreasonable?
You want to go home, too, right?
- You're putting up a front!
- That's right!
I want to go home!
That's why I'm doing this.
How can you do this when I left like that?
A front?
You're right.
So just leave me alone.
If you don't,
that front will become real.
What do I have to do?
What do I have to do, you jerk?
(Don't come inside.)
Troy...
He'll do it.
Elle...
I did my part.
My debt is settled now.
I also felt bad leaving like that.
Now, focus on going your way.
You can't go back to that study room.
I'll fight my own battles.
Good luck.
Hey.
Bring your song tomorrow.
I'll work on it.
What did you want from Elle?
What do you think?
A heartfelt apology.
Do you have to do this now?
You didn't have the guts to call me for 5 years.
I thought you'd come
and ask for forgiveness.
Forgiveness?
Why would I?
There's nothing wrong with calling out plagiarism!
I said I didn't plagiarize!
You still have a long way to go.
You're just as you were 5 years ago.
What about you?
How much did you change? Huh?
You stab people in the back and
switch teams when things get rough!
What?
Before you stabbed me in the back and cut me off,
you should've thought how you got into the team.
Even if you disregard our friendship,
for that, you shouldn't have done that to me!
Why?
Because we dreamt the same dream.
You're the one who destroyed that!
Why?
If you were in the same situation,
I would've been on your side.
A thousand times over, I'd be on your side!
Enough. Just tell me what you want.
I want you to suffer
as much as I suffered.
So?
Everyone looks at me
Me me me me
You're here.
Why is such a young person in such bad shape?
Your meridian system is all blocked.
At this rate,
you won't be able to sing or dance.
Stay here for a few more minutes.
Okay.
She hasn't broken or sprained any bones.
That's not the problem.
She'll collapse soon.
How
can a company that says its singers are its asset
not take care of their health?
I don't know how she's holding on.
Of course.
The CEO
has no sympathy at all.
It's been a long time, but it doesn't seem like it.
You're the same.
Of course.
I'm upset with you.
- Still?
- Yes.
You separated my brother from his true love.
Not that again...
True Love Oriental Medicine Clinic
Wait.
He isn't the only pitiful one. What about me?
It's excessive to call her his true love.
You're a third party.
I wondered why I had no sympathy.
I take after you.
Is my brother's true love's son doing well?
Wow...
I don't want to go there.
Right. I could see he's doing extremely well.
He's a lot more famous than you.
Google him.
There are 1,000 times more articles about him
than you.
He's a proud treasure of Korea.
Why'd you come to Korea?
You said you didn't care because you're American.
The best thing your dad did was teach you Korean.
Seriously,..
You got beaten up so bad.
Whenever you got beaten after holding out,
it was so satisfying.
I'm American...
Turn off the lights and lock up before you go.
I'll prepare herbal medicine.
Write down your address.
Okay.
How can you call me when I was almost home?
I'm hungry!
Thank you.
Enjoy.
She's the daughter of my late mom's
only husband's parents.
Parents / Mom / Husband / Daughter
Your aunt?
She told me to call her that instead of "aunt."
She's very upset with me.
Illegal stay, immigrants, identity, racial issues,
romance, family, love-hate relationship, etc.
It's an interesting family narrative,
but we're not close enough to share that.
Why did you fall down the stairs?
No reason.
No reason?
I didn't know falling down the stairs was a hobby.
That's unprofessional when you have a show soon.
What if you had broken a bone?
I'm sorry.
Did you get a producer?
Yes.
Who?
Troy.
The one who won the Asian Artist Awards?
Yes.
He lost an award and a project.
Executive Bong must be livid.
Don't let this happen again.
As long as you have your name with Starpeace.
Yes, Sir.
Thank you
for today.
This is a ceasefire, not the end of war.
Just until Mars's show.
Of course, if things take a turn,
the ceasefire might end before that.
What happened with Bbiyong...
I misunderstood
and was rude to you. I'm sorry.
Don't be.
Your misunderstanding was better for the agency.
Get out.
Okay.
Thank you.
I can't believe Elle went there.
She apologized?
Elle?
Is Elle really never coming back?
I think she's
trying to cut us off by doing this.
Did she hate us that much?
What a waste of 7 years!
Unbelievable.
Seems like something happened between them.
But they won't say.
I'm worried.
Don't bother.
She'll take care of it.
You just
focus on your duet with Ji-han.
Are you still talking about that?
Jenna.
Director Yoon okayed it.
What?
Job listing & Recruitment
Employment Information
It seems like...
he's given up on everything.
Entertainment Team looking for candidate with experience
Popular Culture Development Team wants talent with experience
He was searching through job listings today again.
Music, cue!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
What's with you two?
I thought
you were blocks of wood doing Tetris.
Jenna!
Make your gaze sexier.
Ji-han!
Get closer to her!
Got it?
Do it again.
We'll be watching.
What is up with you two?
Start the music!
- Come on!
- Seriously!
Get closer! Get closer!
- Get closer!
Expression! Expression!
- Control your expression!
- Jenna...
What are you doing, Jenna?
Wait! Stop! Stop!
Are you kidding me?
Are you kidding?
The show is in two days!
You're hurting my feelings.
Mine, too!
I see what you want.
First...
It's dangerous to change the team concept.
But it's a good choice.
The roles given to each member in the first album
was playing it too safe and a bit forced.
You guys practiced a lot, so you did well.
But it had no appeal.
Chae-ah and Stella both have sweet voices,
but they're a bit different.
Chae-ah's is bright and cheerful.
Stella's is warm and tender.
But they were mechanically lumped up together.
So your team's tone became monotonous.
But
what divides them
is your voice.
It subtly goes between them, dividing them.
But that only goes
so far.
What?
What's that look?
Well.
It seems like
you know us so well.
Oh, I...
I don't know you that well.
But what
instills primeval force into this smooth picture
is Elle.
Life.
When Elle's voice comes in, you tense up.
Elle's middle to low register,
unique huskiness, nasal sound
and falsetto.
She regulates all of that exquisitely.
Her voice scratches your heart
pats it with comfort,
then slaps you in the face.
She knows how to control people's emotions.
The part where people feel pathos
is in Elle's part.
I look forward to the results.
By the way,
did something happen between you and Elle?
What?
That day.
It seemed like
there was something between you two.
I'll make a new world
Now follow me
Everyone looks at me
Me me me me
I won't be stuck in your frame
My standard of happiness is me
Follow me if you can
I won't put my life on the line for love
It's a waste of time
Follow me if you want
I'm different, baby
See how different we are
I have so much charm, daily
Everyone is...
Thanks.
This is from the coffee shop across the street?
It tastes different.
You know her, right?
She's Romy, your replacement.
She does so well
that our team got stronger.
Why did you come so early?
All there is to do is run errands.
You told me to come at 3 PM.
I did?
Didn't I say 4 PM?
Sorry. I guess I made a mistake.
Then I'll come back at 4 PM.
It's almost 4. Going back and forth is a hassle.
Let's chat till the dance team gets here.
It's been a long time.
We're not exactly friends.
I'm curious about something.
If not for Troy, we wouldn't have accepted you.
What do you want to know?
Since you left Cotton Candy,
where are you going to go this time?
What team is making their debut soon?
Elle's too old now, so she can't join.
Their average age is 19.
Anyway, it wasn't easy
for us to accept you.
So do your best.
Alright?
Are you free now?
If you are, come to the studio.
Seo Ji-han
- What's wrong?
- Huh?
You're not this bad at dancing.
I understand I make you uncomfortable.
But you should switch that off when you work.
You said you'll do anything if it's not illegal.
Isn't that why
you could easily use other people?
If you're getting faint-hearted,
then you can stop now.
Thanks.
I'll send you the video.
Let's each check it
and discuss it next practice.
Okay.
I heard you're
producing your unit's album this time.
Yes.
I like the new title song.
So I got greedy.
Greedy?
Since our last album,
I felt frustrated.
The more I reached my goal, the more I felt lost.
What does it mean to achieve your dream?
Is there an end? I kept asking these questions.
The "me" right now is made up of
Mars, Calla, and applause from the world.
You might ask if it's bad.
No.
It's the opposite.
It's good.
That's the problem.
It's so good.
But if one of the three is gone,
I don't know if I'll exist.
It's not just
about being forgotten or not.
Right.
And it's not about withstanding it or not.
When the time comes,
what should I define myself as?
I couldn't see the answer.
Everything I do nowadays
is like a struggling process to meet a new me.
Including acting up to help Cotton Candy.
I didn't know you were thinking
those thoughts.
I'm being idle because I have a full stomach, huh?
I've never seen you smile.
Let's go.
I'll take you home.
I have time.
She has somewhere to go with me.
Let's go. We're late.
Where?
You know
we have a reservation system?
You don't make a reservation for emergencies.
Emergency?
What's the emergency?
Is it your head?
You said I should manage my assets.
So?
Why do that while I'm about to happily go home?
You like her, don't you?
Hmph.
What are you talking about?
If I didn't, why would I keep her in my agency?
I heard her team will be expelled.
I got curious and googled her name.
Through a bizarre algorithm, I was led to a video.
Coddle Candy?
Cotton Candy.
Cotton Candy. Anyway.
I know you well.
You would've bean so heartless and nasty.
But then,
you bring the leader of that team here
and stop me from going home twice?
I wrote a comment on their video, too.
Aunt!
I think I can stop getting treatment.
Okay.
Goodbye.
An article will be released tomorrow.
Thank you!
Troy made that kind of analysis?
He knows us so well.
I was surprised.
Isn't it expected?
He told us before.
That we'll sing and he'll write.
He said let's do that forever.
If Troy had been with us,
would we have turned out differently?
We could all have been ruined.
Troy knows what to do,
so the song will be done soon.
How are the choreography and visual concept going?
The chief choreographer will speak.
Yes, I'm contacting a few directors.
Of course, they're turning me down.
But I know their weaknesses, so don't worry.
It's always threats with you.
For the visual concept, we're getting references.
Yes.
The chief of visual concept will speak.
The costume concept
will be black as the base
and a glamorous color in the top or bottom.
For example, a leather bustier
or a bra top.
It'll be clearer once we get the song.
Perfect.
Securing the budget is the problem.
Let's work more part time jobs!
Great.
When the song is done,
let's go into more details.
Okay.
When the collab article is released,
the comment team should get ready to work.
Kim Jenna
Want to try?
Hold here, and wrap your fingers around here...
Great job!
It's good to learn golf in advance.
Let's play a round of golf next time.
Sir.
Yes?
I know you said not to rush,
but I have to know.
How far
do your plans go concerning me?
I don't know if this is a field
I can compare to the business I've been doing.
But if I'm not confident I can make the best,
then I don't even start.
Is that a good answer for you?
Yes.
Hello.
I was going to bed,
but I suddenly wanted to do a live stream.
Live stream / Participants: 0
Because I know no one will be watching.
We have practice tomorrow afternoon.
I'm going to get up early and practice.
Yes. That's right.
I'm practicing for practice.
It's kind of funny.
But I don't want to be a nuisance.
To be honest,
I lack the most in my team.
"This Is Wrong" has entered
Talent
is something I can't control.
I was the first to dream
of being an idol singer and prepare for it.
I spent the longest time practicing.
When we were trainees,
Hyun-ji could copy after watching the dance once.
I practiced one move all night long.
Talent,
ability and looks.
I'm right in the middle.
Sometimes,
I think maybe we failed
because of me.
But my members have never criticized me.
They know I'm just a free-rider.
But they love me nevertheless.
Thank you. And I love you.
Shine like that
Please keep shining brightly
Right here, this is Cloud-Nine
I can take you higher
To another cloud higher than the cloud you see there
"This Is Wrong" has entered
I can take you higher
The ninth big cloud over there (Cloud-Nine)
My eyes are only for you
My everything exists for you
Now that I know you
What did you just say?
Huh?
Cotton Candy's producer
is who?
Troy...
Darn it...
Did you
know Troy was producing for Cotton Candy?
Hey.
What's up with Bbiyong?
Let's listen to the guide.
Hi. It's me.
Look into something for me.
Mars, special collab scheduled with
Mars, special collab scheduled
with Starpeace senior Cotton Candy
Starpeace senior Cotton Candy!
Jeez.
This is so annoying.
How can they use a five-year-old tacky photo?
But Elle is in the photo.
What if she gets mad?
It's okay.
She won't see it anyway.
What a tie-in sale.
Who are these nobodies?
Why are they collaborating with Mars?
I'm not being mean.
I just really want to know.
Did you sell your conscience off?
I guess they have no pride.
A senior sponging off of a junior?
They're so rude!
Should I fight them in person again?
Hyun-ji.
You know your words and face don't match, right?
A collab article has 800 comments?
We have a strong presence.
Don't spoil it for me.
It's not Mars, it's our strong presence.
Yes, Ma'am.
We're getting more subscribers.
Half of the comments are nasty.
The other half is cheering for us.
- Good!
- That's awesome!
I think
we have to buy a car.
We need it for our career.
Good.
I don't know.
Just buy it.
Mars supports Cotton Candy through collab
Starpeace's official #1 group Cotton Candy
announces independent comeback
Revealed disbanding after becoming No.1
in music show with 2nd album
KillA So-yeon
We have practice today.
Come to the studio by 4 PM.
Okay, okay.
I'm going, I'm going.
Let go!
Seriously!
You're being too harsh!
Why are you still upset?
Go.
Alright, I'm going!
Did you go inside?
I cussed at him a long time ago.
Why's he still upset?
I told you to wait for me. Why'd you go in?
Kim said he'll kill you if he sees you
one more time.
What?
Why are you telling me this now?
That's not the problem.
What? Why?
Did all the choreography directors in Korea
say they'll boycott me?
It's about Elle.
How's the response after the article?
Oh.
The best marketing is noise marketing.
Mean comments are better than no comments.
You still think dangerously.
Can you change
those mean comments to compliments?
No.
We'll go on with the power of those mean comments.
Since we have no tomorrow.
Are you trying to be funny?
Jeez...
Wow.
How nice.
Calla is devastated because of the collab,
but are you feeling good, Sir?
You're mistaken.
I feel bad.
Hey.
Are you sure there's nothing going on?
Kim Jenna!
I was wrong about you.
I regret that.
But you shouldn't be so spiteful.
Huh?
About Troy.
He okayed
producing your song?
You tramp.
I really didn't understand.
How can he work with you again?
He said he wouldn't sleep
until he saw you get ruined.
But he said
he'll work with you again?
Troy is going to get his petty revenge.
And you're incredible to help him do that.
He made her crawl back
to the team she deserted.
What's more,
as a backup dancer.
What the?
Hey!
Hey, hey!
Wait.
How could you do this?
How?
Hey, hey! What's going on?
What the?
Kim Jenna?
Get your stuff.
Let's go.
Excuse me.
Can't you see we're practicing?
I'm sorry.
Let's go!
What are you doing?
Hey.
Elle.
Leave. We're practicing.
We?
Practice?
What "we"?
What "practice"?
Is this what you wanted?
Leave.
Stop disturbing us.
- Let go!
- Hey!
Don't start fighting here. Talk outside.
What in the world is wrong with you?
I did everything you wanted.
This isn't what I wanted.
Kim Jenna.
Get a grip and do one thing.
What you wanted was Troy.
You knew something would happen
when you came to me.
Still.
This is wrong.
Stop acting so naïve.
Then you thought we'd cry and make up?
You could've said no.
If you did what Troy wanted,
did you think we'd like it?
Are you doing this just to torment us?
Do you
hate us that much?
You still haven't come to your senses.
You have the leisure of talking
about who's tormenting who.
I said I'm settling my account.
Listen up.
This is my best chance now.
I'm going to take it no matter what.
I'm going this far for you guys.
You won't keep interfering, will you?
- Chance?
- Yes.
Whenever you want to interfere, remember this.
I'll do worse than this
to get you off my back.
Hello?
Jenna!
It's mutual, so all we need to do is settle.
Who's settling?
Hey! Let's do time in the slammer!
Hey!
You do time in the slammer!
You hit me first!
You still haven't...
Ma'am!
You're not in the position to lose your temper.
You're at a greater disadvantage.
Right?
I was just working in my studio. That's all.
You also hit her, so you both committed assault.
It seems like you know each other. Make up and go.
Or this'll be handed to the prosecution.
How can a cop do such lousy work?
Go by the law!
Get a grip.
Seriously.
Hey! I have no intention of settling with you.
Okay, okay.
Jeez.
You're not even human! You know that?
We get that.
I'm sorry, Jenna.
I shouldn't have told Hyun-ji.
Take her and leave.
Hey, you jerk.
If you write songs with that attitude,
is that a song? It's a curse!
You're cursing this whole world, you know that?
Okay, let's just go.
Let go. Jeez.
Consider yourself lucky.
Why I ought to...
Why did you do that?
You liked Elle.
How can you do that to someone you liked?
This is what's wrong with you girls.
Doesn't it occur to you that I was hurt that much?
Troy.
Do you still write musical notes on music paper?
You said that's the only way a song comes out.
In a world where you can write a song with chords,
you did that intentionally.
The friction from the pencil
and paper inspired you.
That's why you didn't say you "made" a song
but you "wrote" a song.
We'd say you were being cringy.
That you were an old-timer.
That you were dowdy.
You scared me!
You were like that.
Remember?
You write.
And we sing.
It was a simple dream.
At that time,
our dream was so simple
that we didn't think it would evade us.
But this is how we turned out.
You made a mistake.
We didn't embrace you.
CEO Ma didn't give you a chance for one mistake.
The company hastily kicked you out.
We are all to blame.
I'll be going now.
Hey, Kim Jenna.
I don't write musical notes anymore.
So choose.
Is it Elle or me?
Is it Elle or Cotton Candy?
You write.
And we sing.
It was a simple dream.
It's a show at Select Beauty's 10th anniversary.
KillA still
doesn't know why Troy asked them
for that favor.
They have history with Elle.
So they accepted her readily.
Thinking it's a chance.
Why is everyone out to get revenge?
What did we do so wrong?
What do we do now?
Should we leave Elle like that?
She said she'll keep doing it.
Still, we can't turn a blind eye.
Seriously! That crazy bastard!
Jenna.
What do we do?
Wow! I caught it!
- Cool!
- Sexy!
Mars! Mars! Mars!
Cotton Candy! Cotton Candy!
Jenna.
KillA's show
is on the same day and time
as our collab performance.
While we sing and dance happily,
Elle will be dancing KillA's dance.
Even if Elle is insisting on it,
I don't know if we should turn a blind eye.
I feel conflicted.
Stella.
Troy saying yes.
Getting to do the collab.
Having an article about us.
People finally being interested in us.
It was fun for a few days, right?
Yeah.
Things happened so easily.
I wondered why it wasn't this easy before.
Right.
So we were momentarily deceived.
There's no way the world would be so kind to us.
Right?
Stella.
Troy told me
to choose between Elle and him.
Between Elle and Cotton Candy.
Just like how it was for him in the past.
Even if it's not with Troy,
we can do it.
Wow, you're unbelievable.
I heard Troy's still working on your song.
I didn't know Elle would
sacrifice herself for your revival.
Right?
The way of the world is astonishing.
Bbiyong.
Don't worry.
Things will turn out as you wish.
Why?
Are you giving up?
Good.
That's more like Cotton Candy.
Cotton Candy channel comment analysis results
Public opinion of collab articles
It's a relief that the response to the collab
isn't as bad as we thought.
The likes and dislikes are 49:51. That's not bad?
I thought it'd be 1:99.
That 1 would be you.
Why would I be 1?
You approved of it.
Observing you,
you seem to be on their side.
you seem to treat me too casually.
You're American.
You like being casual.
I grew up eating kimchi and bean paste soup.
Oh. Okay.
Well, anyway,
we passed the crisis.
I thought Calla would go crazy.
But there are some people rooting for them.
Cotton Candy's victim act worked.
It fits the mood of the charity concert, too.
There's no right answer in this world.
Seo Ji-han also wrote an emotional comment.
He is
dangerous.
Jeez.
No, really...
What's this?
Why are you here?
Excuse me.
We have something to say to you, Sir.
Where's Kim Jenna?
Sir.
Thank you so much
for paying attention to us.
But let me apologize,
I mean, ask a favor of you.
Come on, Stella. Don't.
No apologies. No favors. Do nothing.
- We..
- No! We won't listen.
Hyun-ji! You know my stock tanked, right?
Tell my wife. Tell her. Now. Huh?
Stop cutting her off.
The collab with Mars...
We'll give it up.
You're going to do what?
In the upcoming KillA show,
let me join as your backup dancer.
Please.
IDOL
[IDOL: The Coup]
Elle, Troy, backup dancer?
She chose not to give up on either of us.
You know what kind of opportunity that was.
The collab is canceled?
The article was exaggerated.
That's not what's important!
Can't you see Mars was made a fool?
- Mars...
- Mars is okay.
If you can't bear it, come back.
I'll do everything I can to make you No.1.
Is this "tribute" I've only heard about?
Do you need the agency's help?
No, making it on our own
was the rule of this game.
Okay then.